[CSS Modules] Add Blob URL to explainer (#1175)
MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers: ShadowDOM/explainer.md

This approach does have a few limitations:
- The `<style>` definition *must* occur before it is imported, otherwise the import map will not be populated. Based on developer feedback, this is not a major limitation.
- Since Import Maps have no knowledge of an underlying type for their mappings, declarative modules with the same specifier (e.g. "foo"), but differing types (e.g. one JavaScript module with a specifier of "foo" and one CSS module with a specifier of "foo") would create separate entries in the generated import map, and only the first definition would actually be mapped. See [Open Issues](#open-issues) for some potential solutions to this scenario.
- The data URI must be URL-encoded, because many CSS selectors have special meaning in URLs. One example is the `#` ID selector in CSS, which is a fragment identifier in URLs and can only
exist once in a URL.

Alternatively, a Blob URL could be used instead of a data URI. Using a Blob URL offers several performance advantages over a data URI, such as avoiding URL-encoding and a much

> smaller Import Map value string stored in memory. 

Reviewer: I don't see an argument against Blob URLs presented here. If we only have positive things to say about this option, why not change the proposal to only suggest Blob URLs, and move Data URIs to the rejected alternatives section?

  }
}
</script>
```

Importing via `shadowrootadoptedstylesheets` would work exactly the same as the data URI example above.

Blob URLs are active for the lifetime of the page on which they were created and are revoked via `revokeObjectURL`. A developer could theoretically discover the URL generated from
a Declarative CSS Module and revoke it, but this doesn't expose any new issues as this scenario is already possible to do imperatively.

There are several options for managing the lifetime of the generated Blob object. For instance, it could be revoked when the `<style type="module">` that created it is disconnected. This
would give developers some options for managing Blob lifetimes, but once revoked, Blob URLs cannot be reused, so re-inserting the `<style type="module">` tag cannot undo it being
removed. Generating a new Blob URL and adding it to the Import Map will not work either, since Import Maps will ignore subsequent entries with an existing specifier. Alternatively,
Blob URLs generated with Declarative CSS Modules could be tied to the lifetime of the document, with no options for revoking them. This would result in consistent behaviors for developers,

> at the expense of flexibility with resource management. Not revoking the Blob URL aligns with how Import Maps behave, so it is the preferred option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
at the expense of flexibility with resource management. Not exposing the ability to revoke the Blob URL aligns with how Import Maps behave, so it is the preferred option.
```
